Q1 Which of the following is a strong password?

Q1 Options:
A. password123
B. stinkypotatoe
C. abc
D. oMega_Shoot12POW!

Q2 Why is it important to protect your accounts online?

Q2 Options:
A. Protecting personal and financial information
B. Protecting virtual pets
C. Making sure no one steals your online popularity
D. Keeping control over your online persona 

Q3 What is one way to strengthen your password

Q3 Options:
A. Add special characters(eg. !@#$%&)
B. Using the names of your loved ones
C. Writing your password on a piece of paper to keep it safe
D. Using a single word to remember your password easier

Q4 What is phishing?

Q4 Options:
A. It is a kind of cyber attack where criminals use fake emails, text messages or websites to extort sensitive information about you
B. A recently invented method of fishing that is more effective than a fishing rod
C. A cheap way to buy fresh fish 
D. A modern dance form

Q5 Which of the following information is ok to share online?

Q5 Options:
A. Your full name to strangers online
B. Your password to your email address
C. Your favourite hobbies
D. The name of your school

Q6 Should you browse your email, or banking accounts while on a public network?

Q6 Options:
A. Public networks are perfectly safe to conduct sensitive personal activities
B. Public networks are less secure, for this reason you should not conduct sensitive activities

Q7 Is it ok to share personal information online?

Q7 Options:
A. It is NEVER ok to share any sensitive information online
B. It isn't really a big deal to share your personal information online

Q8 How can you tell a phishing email from a safe email?

Q8 Options:
A. Phishing emails are sent from unknown or suspicious senders
B. Phishing emails have typos and/or weird email formatting
C. Phishing emails use threatening or urgent language(ie. "Do this or your account is deleted")
D. All of the above

Q9 How can you tell if the website you are using is safe to browse?

Q9 Options:
A. The website URL starts with https ("s" standing for secure)
B. The website has a trusted certificate
C. The website has annoying popups
D. Both A and B

Q10 What is a cookie?

Q10 Options:
A. A delicious snack
B. Something Santa loves to have
C. A small textfile 